[CUBRIDMAN-56] FIx a wrong information that is saying the master key can be shared (#282)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/security.rst

.. note:: **Creating a database using an existing key file**

>     You could manage a key file for some security reason and would like to use it for a new database. Then, copy or move the key file to the directory where the database will be created before creating it. The name of the key file has to be **<database_name>_keys**. If you're using the **tde_keys_file_path** system parameter, you have to copy the key file to the path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    
If you want to create a new database using a key file that was previously managed for reasons such as security policy, copy or move the key file to the directory where the database will be created before creating it. The name of the key file must be changed to **<database_name>_keys**. If you're using the **tde_keys_file_path** system parameter, you have to copy the key file to the path.
```

Reviewer: Suggest changing the first sentence to above.
